I have a big example.
I graduated from the school in 1938.
At that time, the general family was a year and a half.
I was educated at that time and graduated in 11 days.
I have a picture of the general family today.
I stand in front of you as the secretary of the Japanese interior ministry.
This is a living proof.
I have never made any correct efforts.
If this is the case, I will do my best to solve it within six months.
I will do my best to solve this problem.
I will do my best to make the Japanese society a better place.
The third example is the increase in physical strength.
Physical strength is the root of everything.
There is no way to make a big difference in the world.
This is the reason why the body is not as strong as the body.
The body that is really strong is the one that is strong.
This is the truth that is the most important and the most important.
In order to fulfill the responsibility of overcoming all difficulties,
the body that is strong is the most important.
I have always.' Lived in the army for 40 years.